.. -*- coding: utf-8 -*-

==========================================
 Wolfe - A Reliable Job Management System
==========================================

TABLE OF CONTENTS
-----------------

1. Introduction
2. Copyright and License
3. System Requirements
4. Installation
5. Documentation
6. Bugs
7. Author Information


INTRODUCTION
------------

    I'm Winston Wolfe. I solve problems.  -- Pulp Fiction (1994)

Wolfe is a job management system.


COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE
---------------------

Copyright 2014
André Malo or his licensors, as applicable.

The whole package is distributed under the Apache License Version 2.0.
You'll find a copy in the root directory of the distribution or online
at: <http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0>.


SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS
-------------------

You need python 2 (>= 2.4). Python 3 is NOT supported yet.


INSTALLATION
------------

Wolfe is set up using the standard python distutils. So you can install
it using the usual command:

$ python setup.py install

The command above will install a new "wolfe" package into python's
library path.

Additionally it will install the documentation. On unices it will be
installed by default into <prefix>/share/doc/wolfe.

For customization options please study the output of

$ python setup.py --help


DOCUMENTATION
-------------

You'll find a user documentation in the docs/userdoc/ directory of the
distribution package. It is installed by default under
<prefix>/share/doc/wolfe (e.g. /usr/share/doc/wolfe). Further,
there's the code documentation, generated by epydoc
(<http://epydoc.sourceforge.net/>), which can be found in the docs/apidoc/
subdirectory.

The latest documentation is also available online at
<http://opensource.perlig.de/wolfe/>.


BUGS
----

No bugs, of course. ;-)
But if you've found one or have an idea how to improve wolfe, feel
free to send a pull request on `github
<https://github.com/ndparker/wolfe>`_ or send a mail to
<wolfe-bugs@perlig.de>.


AUTHOR INFORMATION
------------------

André "nd" Malo <nd@perlig.de>
GPG: 0x8103A37E


  If God intended people to be naked, they would be born that way.
                                                   -- Oscar Wilde
